i love turtles
i love him so much
turtles? more like jesus
turtles is the best card
i <3 turtles
turtles singlehandedly stopped world war 3 on multiple occasions, dont let anyone tell you otherwise
im busy making a turtles altar brb
turtles is omnipotent
why pick other cards when theres turtles
can i marry turtles please
:)
hes the best
poggers
its turtles or nothing, dont let nerf distract you
i want turtles holos
albert einstein was just one of turtles' many disguises
this is a robbery give me turtles
turtles watches, always... silently... somewhere
it is canon that turtles did the macarena before it was cool
i love him
sea turtles lay their eggs in a nest they dig in the sand with their rear flippers. our turtles doesnt need eggs, for he lives eternally
sea turtles cant kill you; our turtles can thanos snap you out of existence
making a turtles fancam right now
tuuuuuurtleeees
without a doubt the best card
yes
turtles
i would write an essay on turtles but im just a discord bot
im gonna need an a0-size turtles poster for in my room
turtles is very cool
:turtles:
based
turtles plushie when?
whosoever holds this card, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of turtles
<3
before there was time, there was nothing, and before that, there was turtles.
all our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue turtles - walt disney
whatever you are, be a turtles - abraham lincoln
dont hate the player, hate the game - turtles
success is walking from no turtles to many turtles - winston churchill
if you look at what you have in life, you'll always want more, except for when you have turtles; then you have it all.
we are what we repeatedly do. excellence, then, is not an act, but turtles. - aristotle
live, laugh, turtles
let the ruling classes tremble at a turtles revolution. The turtles lovers have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a discord to win. - karl marx, communist turtifesto
if a turtles is at rest or moving at a constant speed in a straight line, it will remain at rest or keep moving in a straight line at constant speed unless it is acted upon by a force - isaac newton
turtles is more important than knowledge. knowledge is limited. turtles encircles the world
speak softly and carry a turtles - theodore roosevelt
logic will get you from a to z, turtles will take you everywhere - albert einstein
it does not matter how much you praise turtles as long as you do not stop - confucius
the supreme art of is to subdue the enemy with turtles - sun tzu, the art of war
hello world